Q1. Good array – Sub arrays with K different integers

Q2. Minimum cost path – In 2D matrix
    Kady is standing on a two dimensional plane of size m*n square units. 
    The plane is partitioned into unit squares. So in total, there are m*n squares. 
    Kady has his favourite number “X” so each time when he will jump he will take jump of “X” units.
    In short, the plane can be considered a 2D matrix. Kady is currently standing at position S(p,q) 
    where p is the pth row of the matrix and q is qth column of the matrix. Kady wants to go from his 
    position S to his new position R(u,v) by taking jumps of exactly X units each time.
    standing
    Determine if Kady can reach his destination or not. If he can reach, print the minimum number of 
    jumps he needs to take to go from S to R.
    Input : The first line contains two integers m, n and X where m is number of rows and n is favourite 
        number of Kady. The second line contains two integers p and q (Kady’s initial position). The third 
        line contains two integers u and v (Kady’s destination position).
    Output : If Kady can reach his destination position then print minimum number of jumps he needs to take 
            else print -1

Q3. Descriptive array question 1 – Louise is a philologist, who studies ancient languages. He came accross 
    an ancient language whose language can be interpreted from matrix m*n of symbols. Thankfully there were exactly 
    26 symbols and Louise mapped each symbol to a small-case english alphabet. Louise through his research found that 
    each valid word in the language consists of atleast 2 consecutive symbols taken horizontally left to right or 
    vertically top to bottom from the symbol matrix.
    Given a sequence of q carvings help Louise in finding if each carving is made up of valid words
    Input : The first line of the input contains an integer N, the number of words. The second line of the input 
        contains N words (which indicates the true words). The third line contains an integer M and fourth line having M number of words which are from the language.
    Output : Print “YES” or “NO” if the word is a true word.

Q4. Descriptive array question 2 – Yesterday thieves broke into a local jewelry store and stole some jewels. 
    Your colleague is investigating the case and knows that the jewels were numbered from X to Y (inclusive), 
    The numbers are distinct. However, your colleague does not know the exact values of X and Y. It is 
    guaranteed that X is less than or equal to Y. Currently, there are N jewels in the store.
    Your task is to help your colleague determine the minimum number of jewels the thieves have stolen.
    Input : The first line of the input contains an integer N, the current number of jewels in the store. 
            The second line of the input contains N integers (which indicates the jewel number of each unstolen jewel) n1, n2…nN. n represents the ith jewel.
    Output : Print the minimum number of jewels the thieves could have stolen.

Q5. https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/find-maximum-number-possible-by-doing-at-most-k-swaps/

Q6. https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/boolean-parenthesization-problem-dp-37/

Q7. https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/minimum-cost-to-fill-given-weight-in-a-bag/

